Why Learning Is So Hard
	In the booming technology industry, code is at the center of it. The language of computers is what runs our infrastructure, the things that are the closest to human lives, our wifi, our devices. It is such an important subject that many people have sought to pursue. Why doesn’t everyone know how to code today? Simply, it's a gruesome subject filled with a difficult learning curve. Learning is hard and a daunting process, it takes productive time, requires motivation and doesn’t always work out.
	It took me a year to even grasp the surface of code, learning is hard, it takes time, productive time. Using time productively is a challenge because of a sense of direction. Direction is the game plan of learning, it is the guide to what steps and falls must be made in the learning process. Direction is a major part of using time productively, it is what pushes learning into an unknown area of knowledge waiting to be learned–like how I dived straight into developing games with code–pushing myself to absorb new information. But, oftentimes that sense of direction is missing and people don’t have a direction to follow. This is usually the case because of a lack of experience, not knowing what to do next to further the learning process. This makes sense, after all, one must learn to gain experience. This is the reason is why teachers were invented, learning is at its best when experience and direction are provided yet most learn without it. Direction is one of the biggest roadblocks in learning and it is what makes learning so hard.
	Throughout my life, I always tried to look for an easy way out even though I always knew it wouldn’t work out–like how I thought I could magically code after one video. There is no easy way of learning, effort has to be put in. Giving effort is hard, learning is hard, go figure. Motivation is at the heart of effort and learning can often squash motivation to a bloody pulp. Learning is gained through failures, putting yourself out there and becoming vulnerable. It is during these times of vulnerability that motivation can be damaged. Failures put forth the feeling of doubt, the, “I don’t think I can do this,” feeling. This vulnerable state is where motivation is lost, it takes a strong will to continue through and embrace this phase. The vulnerability one goes through and the motivation it takes to overcome it is what makes learning such an arduous and pompous challenge where ego must rise and confidence is born. Motivation is why learning is so hard.
	So learning is hard, it requires experienced direction and a whole lot of motivation. Why should we even try and learn? Stop thinking so pessimistically, learning should be hard, it's hard because what waits at the end of the learning process are nothing but positives. Go through the knives and cuts to get the diamond. So even though learning is so hard, let’s try our best to enjoy and take every opportunity to learn.

Let Readers Interpret
	I recently watched the Dune movie trailer, the opening scene of Dune is filled with such vivid tense details, the dark colours of the scene and the nervous voice of its characters. It grabbed my attention and instead of watching the movie, I decided to read the book. I opened to the first page, and the scene I just watched on the trailer was now pouring itself into me in the form of black ink. I was expecting a vividly detailed scene like the trailer. But instead, I got vague details often up to the interpretation of the reader. I think this is what makes the book so good, by letting the reader interpret, it makes the book easier to understand.
	One of the ways Dune becomes easier to understand is the way it handles cluster. To strip writing down to its bare essentials where a message can be made clear. Dune manages its cluster very well making for an easily understandable book, giving direct sentences with a clear message and room for interpretation. Here’s a good example of this, “‘Now, you come here!’ The command whipped out at him. Paul found himself obeying before he could think about it” (Hubert 5). In this sentence, the way the information is delivered is a prime example of minimized clutter, it simply says, “Paul found himself obeying before he could think.” (Hubert 5). This gives us the exact information of what is happening: Paul is being controlled without his will. Straight, direct to the point without unnecessary details and still leaving room for interpretation, how did paul obey the command? Did he move like a zombie? Did he fling through the air? This direct way of writing guides the reader into a space where they understand and build upon the story by interpreting and filling in the missing intricate details of the scene. 
	There is a reason Dune is acclaimed as it is, the story, characters, and most importantly, the way it is written. By leaving room for interpretation, Dune makes it story approachable to anyone, easily understandable from all walks of life. 

How To Be Creative
Creativity is a process,  it is a way of thinking that induces innovation. Here are two steps to simplify that process. steps, first, one must gather information. Familiarize oneself with the given subject. One can only be unique and creative when he knows his material and can work off of previous iterations. Secondly, one must allow for ideas to come naturally. Creativity isn’t something that can be forced, but rather reinforced, allowing knowledge to build up and to use that knowledge to find an insight into the material, that’s when creativity takes its place and a unique solution is found.
